OK, are Roma friends up is starting to look good, it does some searching, which is great, it's very
interactive, but let's add some style said just so it looks like this.
And I mean, Styles is something that we've already covered.
I just want to get you up and running quickly.
Let's start off with first the background.
As you can see, we can just generate a gradient and have that background.
I've already found a really good background gradient that we can use.
You can use the background generator that we've actually already created in previous videos.
For now, as you know, if we want to change the success of our entire app, well, we have index success,
which is perfect for this.
And then we can just put in the gradient that we want going to save this and look at that.
It tells us that there's an update and gradient has outdated direction.
Syntax, new syntax is like two left instead of right.
Well, isn't that convenient?
Let's do that.
Two left.
Let's see if that still works.
OK, everything's looking nice, perfect, let's fix our font now, if you see over here, we have this
cool font.
How did I get that?
Actually, I just Googled for the second logo font.
And I found this website that has free fonts that you can use.
And we can actually just click on generate font face with font, and this is something that you don't
really need to know is just a matter of Googling.
You find the font that you want, but if you download this file, you'll see that.
It actually has the W o f f, which is actually a font file and styles access, so it actually tells
you what you can include.
Let's copy that.
Added to our had our one, which if you look over here, he lives in App Dot J.S..
Using Aptos access, which I think we've deleted that already, so let's bring it back by adding a new
file app DOT success, so we'll just copy and paste what we did.
And Font Face just tells us our font.
And in order to use that, we'll just say each one.
Has Phonte family of ciga.
Logo, font.
Now, this won't actually do anything because, well, we need the font file so they can find Saige
logo font.
And that's simply a matter of us.
Dragging in our font file, let's minimize this.
Into our robo friends.
And let's see now, it should be right over here.
And we can simply access it by looking at the euro.
If our app DOT successful has access to this font, we can just move it.
Into our source folder.
All right, and one thing you might notice is that, well, nothing will change because in order for
this case file to work, we have to import it.
So always remember import.
Aaberg CSFs, save it compiling.
All right, I don't know if you can see it, but it's there, so we want to make it bigger and obviously
the color black doesn't work well with this background.
Again, this part is in, so I'm going to go through this quickly, I have a few stalls here, font
weight and a color that is nice.
Make sure that we have it imported.
And using tachyons, we can just make this bigger, we can just say class name equals.
You can do F1, F2, let's do F2.
All right, that looks pretty good.
Our app is looking nice and clean.
There's still a few changes that we want to make.
But overall, everything looks good, we've played around a bit with the success, we've added a new
font file and we've changed the background of indexed thought JS file with the index dot file.
All right, we're going to get back to learning more react in the next video, I'll see in that one.
Bye bye.